docs: :memo: expand on usage guide for Properties class (#690)
seedcase-project/seedcase-sprout: docs/guide/packages.qmd

## Creating a data package

> ::::: panel-tabset

Author: I am not using anything new... So weird. Really need to have our own reformatter...

### Python

The first thing you'll need to decide is where you want to store your
data packages. By default, Sprout will create it in

> `~/.sprout/packages/` on Linux (see

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`~/sprout/packages/` on Linux (see
```
Right?

```

This creates the initial structure of your new package with the ID `1`.
The output above shows that the folder of your data package `1` has been
created. This folder consists of two files: `datapackage.json` and
`README.md`. The `datapackage.json` file initially contains fields with
some default values in them, but it eventually will contain the
metadata, a.k.a. the `properties`, of your data package. `README.md` is
a prettified, human-readable version of the content of the
`datapackage.json`.

While you *could* manually fill in the details in the `datapackage.json`
file, we have a helper `Properties()` class to make it easier for you.

``` python
properties = sp.Properties.Package(
    title="Diabetes and Hypertension Study",
    description="Data from the 2021 study on diabetes and hypertension",
    contributors=[sp.Properties.Contributors(
        title="Jamie Jones",
        email="jamie_jones@example.com",
        roles=["creator"]
    )],
    licenses=[sp.Properties.Licenses("ODC-BY-1.0")]
)
print(properties)
```

```
# TODO: This will eventually show the actual output.
Package(...)
```

Then, to apply this back into the current `datapackage.json` file, you

> first use the `create_package_properties()` function:

Author: Do you have other names you could think of to differentiate these two?

> first use the `create_package_properties()` function:

Reviewer 2: Hmm, so we can’t really rename the class. As for the function, something like `update_package_properties`? Seeing that the function takes a `PackageProperties` object and merges it with existing package properties in `datapackage.json`. In theory this function should be able to update `datapackage.json` between versions anyway (there’s nothing in it that depends on `datapackage.json` just having been created).

> first use the `create_package_properties()` function:

Author: Hmm, that's a good point! Ok, I'll update these to be update package properties and then make a new PR with renaming `create_` to `update_` :tada:

This creates the initial structure of your new package with the ID `1`.
The output above shows that the folder of your data package `1` has been
created. This folder consists of two files: `datapackage.json` and
`README.md`. The `datapackage.json` file initially contains fields with
some default values in them, but it eventually will contain the
metadata, a.k.a. the `properties`, of your data package. `README.md` is
a prettified, human-readable version of the content of the
`datapackage.json`.

> While you *could* manually fill in the details in the `datapackage.json`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While you *can* manually fill in the details in the `datapackage.json`
```

file, we have several helper classes, such as `PackageProperties`, `LicenseProperties`, and `ContributorProperties`, to make it easier for you.

``` python
properties = sp.PackageProperties(
    title="Diabetes and Hypertension Study",
    description="Data from the 2021 study on diabetes and hypertension",
    contributors=[sp.ContributorProperties(
        title="Jamie Jones",
        email="jamie_jones@example.com",
        roles=["creator"]
    )],
    licenses=[sp.LicensesProperties("ODC-BY-1.0")]
)
print(properties)
```

```
# TODO: This will eventually show the actual output.
PackageProperties(...)
```

> Then, to apply this back into the current `datapackage.json` file, you
> first use the `update_package_properties()` function:
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, to update the current `datapackage.json` file with these properties, you can use the `update_package_properties()` function:

```

``` python
package_properties = sp.update_package_properties(
  path=sp.path_properties(package_id=1),
  properties=properties
)
print(package_properties)
```

```
# TODO: add an example output of the above.
{...}
```

::: callout-important

> The `create_package_properties()` function will give an error if the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `update_package_properties()` function will give an error if the
```
? ☺️

> required fields are not filled in to create a valid data package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
required fields are not filled in to create a valid `datapackage.json` file.
```

)
```

If you need help with filling in the right properties, see the

> documentation for the `PackageProperties` classes or run

Reviewer 3: Do we know that the intended users of the document knows how to do this?

Author: The documentation link will be provided afterwards by a link to our docs, which (should theoretically) be able to be autogenerated and autolinked.

)
```

If you need help with filling in the right properties, check the

> documentation for the `Properties()` class or run

Reviewer: ```suggestion
documentation for the `Properties` classes or run
```

> `print(sp.Properties.Package())` to get a list of all the fields you can
> fill in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
e.g., `print(sp.PackageProperties)` to get a list of all the fields you can
fill in for a package.
```
